Introductory task
‭Building a starter app‬
‭You'll use‬‭pokeapi.co‬‭to fill your app with ready to use data. The app will
consist‬of 3 tabs:‬
1. Favorite Pokémon tab‬
2. List of Pokémon tab‬
3. Camera screen‬
4. Map tab‬
‭You'll use expo-router (or react-navigation if you are really into it) for navigation‬
in the app and use tab navigator with embedded stack navigators if necessary.‬

‭1. Favorite Pokémon tab‬
‭Display your favorite pokemon, it has to be stored locally in async storage.‬
Display basic information about pokemon and its photo.‬
If you don't have a favorite pokemon there should be an empty state.‬
If you have a favorite Pokemon, the screen header should display a button that‬‭
lets you un-favorite a pokemon.‬

‭2. List of Pokémon
‭"infinite" scrolling, requesting more data, pulling to refresh, etc.‬

Introductory task

1

‭Nice to have display photos of pokemons in the list that lazy load from the API.‬
‭Clicking a pokemon displays a screen similar to favorite pokemon but with an‬‭
option to select this pokemon as your favorite instead of removing it from‬‭
favorite like in the favorite screen.‬
(‬‭b‬‭o‬‭n‬‭u‬‭s‬‭) This screen can be displayed in the‬‭bottom sheet‬‭on top of the list‬
below for bonus points (But use stack navigation first or use it in some different‬
place).‬

3.‬‭C‬‭r‬‭a‬‭z‬‭y‬‭Vision Camera screen‬
‭Use face recognition from‬‭react native vision camera‬‭, and splash your favorite‬
pokemon image on your forehead. Or replace some object with image if‬‭
selected pokemon eg. Detect a Banana and put a pokemon image on it. You‬‭
can also try something new using camera capabilities like: Saving created‬‭
images to phone memory.‬
You can also save the location where the image was taken and then display it to‬
the map.‬

‭4. Map screen‬
‭On this screen you should display a map where upon long click, you add a new‬
pin to the map.‬
‭The way how you will order the UI is up to you, but upon clicking on the pin a‬‭
bottom sheet or some modal-like view should appear, with a brief description
of‬‭which pokemon it is (can be reused from the‬‭b‬‭o‬‭n‬‭u‬‭s‬‭from second point).‬

‭Additional notes‬
I‭f you know some tricks, show them‬
I‭f you want to use a UI library go ahead do so‬
Make sure to have prettier and eslint set up for the project
If you want to use AI, feel free, but check what it generates and be sure you
understand the code

Introductory task

2

